+++
title = 'Sigmanaut Meeting: January 22, 2023'
date = '2023-01-22T00:00:00-00:00'
draft = 'false'
+++

## WELCOME NEW SIGMANAUTS & SIGCANS
rustinmyeye, kill_it_with_coffee, cheese

## RECAP OF RECENT SIGMANAUT ACCOMPLISHMENTS 

- SigmaVote app for sigmanaut voting and proposals
- Twitter account (tweetdeck) distributed among a few members to allow for tweeting
- Twitter account on qx()’s phone so that it can join and host spaces, which is currently being organized for our first space soon.
- Ambassador stewardship by Noah and Cran to be mindful of outreach and interactions from like minded chains/projects.
- Mission statement created and voted into place by sitting sigmanauts
- Draft/Sample org structure
- Recording of meetings and publishing in the public channel
- Logo voting method for Dexy sorted out via HQ’s ergcube
- More...

## ENGAGEMENT

We had a fairly long discussion about reaching out to other forms of engagement such as tiktok shorts, youtube shorts. Being fairly up front about the fact that a lot of influencers on the platform are young, physically and or emotionally attractive people, it brought up some interesting points. Also, Coffee will gain access to the Sigs youtube and post short clips of things for quicker engagement. The general consensus was that as Sigmanauts it is our job to hold to the mission of the group. Even if some platforms encourage stretching the truth or making promises not backed up by data, as a sig it is our responsibility to not be sucked into that method and continue to state facts based on data in our outreaches no matter the platform. There will be non sigs that will come along eventually making those videos and that will be plentiful, as it is with other chains.

## TWITTER SPACES

- Spoke about hosting weekly or bi-weekly spaces with the sigmanauts twitter. Several interested people willing to host/co-host. First space we will reach out to invite Kras (duck pools) as well as talk about the sigs. There was a group heatmap time poll sent out for interested parties and we have a good idea now on when the available times are for hosting it.

## TREASURY

- Lots of good ideas about the treasury. Concerns for legal issues as well as perhaps making it fully anon and or DAOs and or WY DAO LLC, many things to consider. Mark suggested the last two. Our next steps were to reach out to ergopad and spectrum to get some guidance on how they leveraged legal in similar matters. Mark suggested playing around with Minotaur and some burner tokens to get the group acquainted on how it functions, Cran said he would front that test Minotaur effort with the help of interested parties.

## MEETING TIMES
 
- There was little support and engagement for proposing a new time for these weekly meetings, qx() will leave the poll up for a bit and advertise it again in case people missed it. 

# FINDING A DEV

- Coffee spoke about his ergohack entry and the struggles of finding a dev, check out the video for an overview and his paper, if anyone is interested, please reach out. 

## UPDATE FROM EF/MARKETING

- Angie noted there were also contact info on the last ergohack page if there are any questions about the process/event.

- Angie has many articles in the pipe, one about sigs as well! Please do your best to promote and or tweet these as they come out, community engagement is a quick easy way to have a BIG impact!

## DEXY LOGO VOTE

- HQ w/ergcube is ready to host the Dexy Logo vote. We will start planning on the social side the tweets leading up to it. Will continue work to the best way to implement his community calendar as well.

## ONBOARDING PAGE

- Coffee will start modifying the initial onboarded page in the next few weeks.

## REFERENCES

See the meeting agenda, these meeting notes, and the full meeting transcript all in this document: 
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TIytlaOPJJmwCZoE4nJ8oh8ApZhS4x4QnmdebsacKdw/edit?usp=sharing

Screenshare w/voices can be found here:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sbWezPmcUb8qwWsSjsJ02JZF_MBfWNrZ/view?usp=share_link
